Add custom config for seadragon cluster of MD Anderson Cancer Center (#831)
nf-core/configs: docs/seadragon.md

# nf-core/configs: Seadragon Configuration

To use, run a pipeline with `-profile seadragon`. This will download and launch the [`seadragon.config`](../conf/seadragon.config), which has been pre-configured with a setup suitable for the Seadragon HPC environment at The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center. Using this profile, container images with all required software will be pulled and converted to Singularity images before job execution.

## Module Requirements

In order to run a pipeline on the Seadragon environment, you will need to load the following modules:

```bash
module load Nextflow
```

## iGenomes Resource

> A local copy of the iGenomes resource is available on Seadragon `/rsrch3/scratch/reflib/REFLIB_data/AWS-iGenomes/` . You can reference it by using the `--genome <GENOME_ID>` parameter in your nf-core pipeline. This ensures that all genome-specific references are correctly configured and optimized for the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A local copy of the iGenomes resource is available on Seadragon `/rsrch3/scratch/reflib/REFLIB_data/AWS-iGenomes/` . You can reference it by using the `--genome <GENOME_ID>` parameter in an igenomes-supporting nf-core pipeline. This ensures that all genome-specific references are correctly configured and optimized for the cluster.
```

Author: fixed. Thanks for pointing out.

## Notes

> - **Data Storage**: All intermediate files will be stored in the `work/` directory within the job's launch directory. These files can consume significant space, so it is recommended to delete this directory after the pipeline completes successfully.

Reviewer: You could instead add `cleanup = true` to the config, so all files in this directory get deleted when a run completes successfully (if it fails, the intermediate files don't get deleted)

Reviewer: e.g. https://github.com/nf-core/configs/blob/03af77c7515a4777ca20713321988480becee849/conf/ebc.config#L8

Author: Hi James, thanks for pointing that out. The reason I keep the work folder is that I may need to use the BAM files from the Sarek pipeline for other custom analyses. Is there a more elegant way to retain the BAM files? Perhaps by custom-defining them as final outputs?

Reviewer: Yes, you can have a custom config where you update the `publishDir` section of that particular process. 

I would recommend thus to add `cleanup = true` and then add a pipeline specific config to save those BAM files as necessary

> - **Data Storage**: All intermediate files will be stored in the `work/` directory within the job's launch directory. These files can consume significant space, so it is recommended to delete this directory after the pipeline completes successfully.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Data Storage**: All intermediate files will be stored in the `work/` directory within the job's launch directory. On a successful completion of a run, these will be automatically deleted as these files can consume significant space. If a pipeline run fails, it will not be deleted. You can preserve all intermediate files by using `-profile debug,seadragon`.
```
